Misinformation is likely to spread like wildfire today, causing a lot of unnecessary upset either among your neighbors at home or your colleagues at work. Don't accept at face value any gossip or rumor you hear, Aries. Check the accuracy of the information yourself. If it does turn out to be false, as is likely, you'll feel sorry if you've had any part in perpetuating it.
A rebirth of romance in your life could take place today, Aries. If you're currently involved with someone, a happy event could enrich the bond between you and bring you closer together. If you aren't presently attached, you could be by the end of the day. You might meet someone new and exciting, probably an intelligent person who could be involved with modern technology. Make sure you look your best, and expect the unexpected!
You probably aren't feeling your best today, Aries. No doubt your illness is a result of recent overindulgence. You can't blame anyone but yourself for your crashing headache and queasy stomach. Try not to take your bad mood out on the family. Just ask them to close the curtains and shut the door. You will emerge in the early afternoon feeling a bit wobbly but definitely on the mend.
Today you might notice a change in yourself, Taurus. You could look in the mirror and see that you suddenly look as gorgeous as a movie star. This change in your outer self is due to transformations taking place within. You've probably been releasing a lot of old traumas from the past, and therefore considerable stress and tension have vanished from your face. Treat yourself to some new clothes. It's a great time to do it!
You're finally setting in motion some longstanding goals of yours, Taurus. Good for you! But even though everything is in place and you're ready to go, it's possible that you'll receive notice today of some delay in your plans. The frustration feels unbearable. But when you step back and look at the bigger picture, you'll see that ultimately this delay is in your best interests.
There is such a thing as being too honest, Taurus. You've experienced in the past how your determination to tell the whole truth and nothing but the truth can cause hurt feelings. Today try to exercise a bit of tact and diplomacy. You will still be able to get your point across, with the added bonus that your audience will still be speaking to you once you've done so.
You want nothing more than to be alone today. For that to happen, Gemini, you need to turn off your phone, shut off the computer, and hang a "Do Not Disturb" sign on the door. Even then, your friends are likely to walk past the sign and ask what's for dinner. It's one of those days. People want to congregate and they want to do it at your house. Order your favorite comfort food and enjoy the chaos!
An unexpected conversation with a current or potential romantic partner could end with both of you revealing a lot of your deepest feelings, Gemini. This discussion may only indirectly concern the status of your relationship, but you will learn a lot about each other that could cause you to seriously consider whether or not you want to continue the relationship. However, all signs indicate that the relationship might change slightly but will continue.
Beware lawyers, bankers, and stockbrokers today, Gemini. One of them is likely to try and mislead you with some inaccurate information. While it might be in his or her best interests for you to take this information at face value, it certainly isn't in yours! Do your own research and get all the facts before making the financial investments recommended to you.
A family member or other loved one may not be telling you the truth. In this person's defense, he or she likely thinks they're protecting you by shielding you from the truth. This is a time for you to trust your instincts, Cancer. If you're told something that simply doesn't ring true, check the information yourself rather than accept it at face value.
Some rather intense work, perhaps involving in-depth research, could take up much of your time today, Cancer. You could spend a lot of time in libraries or on the Internet trying to discern certain facts that you need for a project that could make a big difference in your income. This can be fascinating and exciting, but there is one caution: remember to rest your eyes from time to time. You won't want to give yourself an eyestrain headache.
Don't be surprised if a lot of uninvited visitors show up today, Cancer. You could host an impromptu social event as neighbors stop by to bring news of changes in the area. You have energy to spare right now, so you're perfectly able to accommodate your guests. But don't let yourself get overwhelmed. Simply offer whatever refreshments you happen to have on hand and let the party take its course.
You have an active mind and an even more active imagination, Leo. Today you risk short-circuiting your brain as you struggle to keep up with all the ideas and information swirling inside your head. Take a few minutes to do a mental inventory. Write down everything you're thinking right now so you can free some space in your brain for other issues. A long walk or jog would help soothe your mind.
Today, Leo, you could direct an overwhelming amount of love and passion toward a current or potential romantic partner. Your friend might feel a little taken aback, but is likely to be flattered and therefore respond in a positive manner. This might not have the potential to become a committed relationship, so don't expect anything from it. Just get to know each other, see where the bond takes you, and go with the flow.
You can expect to run a lot of errands today, Leo, even though you would probably prefer to stay at home. You have obligations to fulfill for friends and family, and you can't bear to let them down. Try to get everything done as quickly as possible so that you'll still have the afternoon free for yourself.
If a family member is in a bad mood but not confessing why, it's up to you to step in and help. He or she is carrying that big black cloud around, casting shadows everywhere they go. Do what you can to snap your relative out of it, although take care not to force the issue too harshly. Counseling might be in order, and this may not be your area of expertise!
Information that you retrieve from deep within your psyche might lead to a revelation as to a great way to increase your income, Virgo. This could be something you read and forgot, or it might be something you overheard in a restaurant. Whatever it is, look into it carefully, and then if the information seems to be accurate and useful, go for it. These days, fortunes are being made in surprising ways!
You have energy to burn, Virgo, and you intend to use it. Ask friends to join you in the park. Or set up a round-robin tennis match for the afternoon. Enjoy your day outdoors, but take care not to push too hard. If you strain muscles today, it could be weeks before you're fully healed. If you pace yourself and take plenty of water breaks, then you'll enjoy the day with no repercussions.
If a friend or colleague seems to be in trouble, you may not want to interfere for fear of being too intimate. But this isn't a time to hold back, Libra. It's likely that this person really does need your help. Your intervention will be much appreciated and possibly even rewarded. Be sure to get some rest tonight. You're emotionally and physically drained.
Today, Libra, you might attend a group event of some kind. While there, you could encounter an old friend who seems to have changed. As a result, you might find this person very attractive and direct a rush of physical passion their way. This could be disconcerting, but don't brush it off because you've always thought of this person as a friend. The most successful marriages are the ones that start out as friendships.
Today you could receive word of a promotion or exciting new challenge at work. Although this is something you've wanted for a long time, you may hesitate to accept immediately. Could it be because your self-confidence is rather low right now, Libra? Don't let that stop you! This feeling is only temporary, while the opportunity could develop into something lasting. Don't lose your chance!
Your career may be sidetracked by petty gossip, rumor, and office politics. It's likely that someone is pushing forward his or her agenda without any thought or concern for its impact on others. Do what you can to put a stop to such shenanigans, Scorpio. There are times when it's appropriate to be the whistleblower, and this is one of them.
A new creative project of some kind, perhaps involving modern technology, could set your career in a new direction, Scorpio. This may be the break you've been hoping for, and you're apt to be very excited about it. Any new enterprise begun today is going to have its ups and downs, but all signs indicate that it will succeed. Consider the project carefully before making a decision. Then if it feels right, go for it!
Money and friendship rarely mix, Scorpio. Keep this in mind today if a friend hits you up for a loan. You'd be better off helping her strategize ways to earn more money. Much as you like to help the underdog, a temporary approach often does more harm than good. A quick loan won't help your friend's fundamental problem of compulsive spending. Offering to pay for counseling would be a gift of enduring value.
Some bad news about your financial situation may not really be as bad as it first appears. Even so, it throws you for a loop. Double-check the information before spiraling into a panic, Sagittarius. It may be that a computer made an error or a bank clerk messed up. You may have to unravel some paperwork, but it will be a relief to have it resolved.
If you're taking a trip any time soon, Sagittarius, you can expect to experience a powerful attraction for someone you meet along the way. This will definitely make your journey more interesting; however, the friendship might not survive the trip. You may be from opposite sides of the country, and one or both of you could be involved with other people. Nonetheless, if neither of those restrictions applies, it's worth pursuing. Go for it!
This is unlike you, Sagittarius, but today you're a lean, mean cleaning machine. You get it in your head that this is the day for putting your house in order, and you set about single-handedly doing it. That's way too much cleaning and organizing for one person to do. Why not enlist some help? Bribe your partner or kids, play some loud music, and all of you will finish the tasks in no time.
In an unpleasant situation, your inclination is to protect your loved ones from the truth. This would be a mistake, Capricorn. Even though you're acting out of love, your family members deserve to know the truth even if it hurts. You can't shield them from the realities of the outside world. Most people, even the young, prefer to know the facts.
You could soon receive news of an unexpected cash inflow, Capricorn. This might be money earned on your own, but it's more likely to be investment income. If you own stocks, bonds, or land, expect their value to skyrocket. If you work for a company that has a good profit-sharing plan, don't be surprised if the amount of profits earned this year doubles. Whichever it is, you're on your way!
You can't help but feel a bit frustrated today, Capricorn. There are places to go, people to see, and you can't seem to get out of the house. Your responsibilities are at home now, and the situation won't change for a while. You can, however, plan some mini-vacations without too much effort. Treat yourself one evening to fantastic take-out food and a sappy old movie. That might be just the thing to lift your spirits.
You may be feeling tired and a bit wrung out today, Aquarius. Although you're a workaholic by nature, even you are forced to admit that this is a day to stay in bed. Give yourself these few hours to regroup and recoup your energy. You'll need to be operating at peak form for all the work that's likely to hit your desk next week.
Today the energy is on partnerships, Aquarius, probably those begun on the spur of the moment. You and a colleague might have a conversation about the possibility of going into business together. There is also the possibility that you could fall in love at first sight, maybe with someone from far away. Any sort of partnership formed today will have its ups and downs, but with work, it could succeed. If it feels right, go for it!
If you overindulged last night, you're likely paying the price today. If your head is screaming and your blood feels like molasses, you know that too much of a good thing can make you feel rotten! Much as you feel driven to get out of bed and get on with your chores, there's no point, Aquarius. You'd be better off resting. You'll be your old self by afternoon. Your work can wait until then.
There could be a missing person very much on your mind these days. Is it possible that the relationship is over and you're the last one to know? Don't let your insecurities get the better of you, Pisces. It's likely that your friend merely needs some time alone to sort out some big life issues. He or she will seek out your warmth and friendship again soon.
Have you been entertaining the idea of changing jobs, Pisces? If so, put out some feelers today. You've been working hard and may have felt as if you've been barking up the wrong tree. Don't hesitate to research possibilities on the Internet, prepare your resume, and chat up knowledgeable people in social situations. It's time to pass carefully from reflection
Without a doubt, there's a lot of work to be done around the house. With today's planetary configuration, you feel especially vested in making your home look its best. But you don't have to get everything done today, Pisces. Rather than scrubbing floors and dusting furniture, why not invest in a few inexpensive items that will perk the place up a bit? A few area rugs and scatter pillows could make a big difference!
