Misinformation is likely to spread like wildfire today, causing a lot of unnecessary upset either among your neighbors at home or your colleagues at work. Don't accept at face value any gossip or rumor you hear, Aries. Check the accuracy of the information yourself. If it does turn out to be false, as is likely, you'll feel sorry if you've had any part in perpetuating it.
A rebirth of romance in your life could take place today, Aries. If you're currently involved with someone, a happy event could enrich the bond between you and bring you closer together. If you aren't presently attached, you could be by the end of the day. You might meet someone new and exciting, probably an intelligent person who could be involved with modern technology. Make sure you look your best, and expect the unexpected!
You probably aren't feeling your best today, Aries. No doubt your illness is a result of recent overindulgence. You can't blame anyone but yourself for your crashing headache and queasy stomach. Try not to take your bad mood out on the family. Just ask them to close the curtains and shut the door. You will emerge in the early afternoon feeling a bit wobbly but definitely on the mend.
Today you might notice a change in yourself, Taurus. You could look in the mirror and see that you suddenly look as gorgeous as a movie star. This change in your outer self is due to transformations taking place within. You've probably been releasing a lot of old traumas from the past, and therefore considerable stress and tension have vanished from your face. Treat yourself to some new clothes. It's a great time to do it!
You're finally setting in motion some longstanding goals of yours, Taurus. Good for you! But even though everything is in place and you're ready to go, it's possible that you'll receive notice today of some delay in your plans. The frustration feels unbearable. But when you step back and look at the bigger picture, you'll see that ultimately this delay is in your best interests.
There is such a thing as being too honest, Taurus. You've experienced in the past how your determination to tell the whole truth and nothing but the truth can cause hurt feelings. Today try to exercise a bit of tact and diplomacy. You will still be able to get your point across, with the added bonus that your audience will still be speaking to you once you've done so.
You want nothing more than to be alone today. For that to happen, Gemini, you need to turn off your phone, shut off the computer, and hang a "Do Not Disturb" sign on the door. Even then, your friends are likely to walk past the sign and ask what's for dinner. It's one of those days. People want to congregate and they want to do it at your house. Order your favorite comfort food and enjoy the chaos!
An unexpected conversation with a current or potential romantic partner could end with both of you revealing a lot of your deepest feelings, Gemini. This discussion may only indirectly concern the status of your relationship, but you will learn a lot about each other that could cause you to seriously consider whether or not you want to continue the relationship. However, all signs indicate that the relationship might change slightly but will continue.
Beware lawyers, bankers, and stockbrokers today, Gemini. One of them is likely to try and mislead you with some inaccurate information. While it might be in his or her best interests for you to take this information at face value, it certainly isn't in yours! Do your own research and get all the facts before making the financial investments recommended to you.
A family member or other loved one may not be telling you the truth. In this person's defense, he or she likely thinks they're protecting you by shielding you from the truth. This is a time for you to trust your instincts, Cancer. If you're told something that simply doesn't ring true, check the information yourself rather than accept it at face value.
Some rather intense work, perhaps involving in-depth research, could take up much of your time today, Cancer. You could spend a lot of time in libraries or on the Internet trying to discern certain facts that you need for a project that could make a big difference in your income. This can be fascinating and exciting, but there is one caution: remember to rest your eyes from time to time. You won't want to give yourself an eyestrain headache.
Don't be surprised if a lot of uninvited visitors show up today, Cancer. You could host an impromptu social event as neighbors stop by to bring news of changes in the area. You have energy to spare right now, so you're perfectly able to accommodate your guests. But don't let yourself get overwhelmed. Simply offer whatever refreshments you happen to have on hand and let the party take its course.
You have an active mind and an even more active imagination, Leo. Today you risk short-circuiting your brain as you struggle to keep up with all the ideas and information swirling inside your head. Take a few minutes to do a mental inventory. Write down everything you're thinking right now so you can free some space in your brain for other issues. A long walk or jog would help soothe your mind.
Today, Leo, you could direct an overwhelming amount of love and passion toward a current or potential romantic partner. Your friend might feel a little taken aback, but is likely to be flattered and therefore respond in a positive manner. This might not have the potential to become a committed relationship, so don't expect anything from it. Just get to know each other, see where the bond takes you, and go with the flow.
You can expect to run a lot of errands today, Leo, even though you would probably prefer to stay at home. You have obligations to fulfill for friends and family, and you can't bear to let them down. Try to get everything done as quickly as possible so that you'll still have the afternoon free for yourself.